Adress the remaining comments of prj- (#720)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Krylov.jl: paper/paper.md

- \textbf{Krylov methods}: \textsc{Bicgstab}, \textsc{Bilq}, \textsc{Bilqr}, \textsc{Cg}, \textsc{Cg-lanczos}, \textsc{Cg-lanczos-shift}, \textsc{Cgls}, \textsc{Cgne}, \textsc{Cgs}, \textsc{Cr}, \textsc{Craig}, \textsc{Craigmr}, \textsc{Crls}, \textsc{Crmr}, \textsc{Diom}, \textsc{Dqgmres}, \textsc{Fgmres}, \textsc{Fom}, \textsc{Gmres}, \textsc{Gpmr}, \textsc{Lnlq}, \textsc{Lslq}, \textsc{Lsmr}, \textsc{Lsqr}, \textsc{Minres}, \textsc{Minres-qlp}, \textsc{Qmr}, \textsc{Symmlq}, \textsc{Tricg}, \textsc{Trilqr}, \textsc{Trimr}, \textsc{Usymlq}, \textsc{Usymqr}.

Hence Krylov.jl is a suitable toolbox for easily comparing existing methods with each other as well as new ones.

> The number of distinct Krylov methods is eighteen for PETSc [@petsc], eleven @MATLAB and [KrylovMethods.jl](https://github.com/JuliaInv/KrylovMethods.jl), nine for [IterativeSolvers.jl](https://github.com/JuliaLinearAlgebra/IterativeSolvers.jl) and three for [KrylovKit.jl](https://github.com/Jutho/KrylovKit.jl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of distinct Krylov methods is eighteen for PETSc [@petsc], eleven for @MATLAB and [KrylovMethods.jl](https://github.com/JuliaInv/KrylovMethods.jl), nine for [IterativeSolvers.jl](https://github.com/JuliaLinearAlgebra/IterativeSolvers.jl) and three for [KrylovKit.jl](https://github.com/Jutho/KrylovKit.jl).
```

> However Krylov.jl doesn't have implementations of Block-Krylov methods unlike some alternatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However Krylov.jl doesn't have implementations of Block-Krylov methods unlike some alternatives, except for special cases, including TriCG, TriMR, and GPMR.
```

Note that we only consider the number of Krylov methods that generate different iterates without preconditioning.
Variants with preconditioning are not counted except if it is a flexible one such as \textsc{Fgmres}.

Some processes and methods are not available elsewhere and are the product of our own research.
References for each process and method are available in the extensive [documentation](https://juliasmoothoptimizers.github.io/Krylov.jl/stable/).

> Beyond the number of methods, Krylov.jl is the only package that offers all of the features that we are going to describe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond the number of methods, Krylov.jl is the only package that offers all of the features that we describe below.
```

## Performance optimizations and storage requirements

Operator-vector products and vector operations are the most expensive operations in Krylov.jl.

> To speed up theses procedures, we rely on BLAS when the linear problems are solved with CPUs and stored in a precision supported by BLAS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up theses procedures, we rely on BLAS when the linear problems are solved on CPU and stored in a representation supported by BLAS.
```

> Because the vectors manipulated by Krylov methods are always dense, the use of BLAS directly affect the efficiency of our implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the vectors manipulated by Krylov methods are always dense, the use of BLAS directly affects the efficiency of our implementations.
```
